# openapi-java-client

PassportPDF API
- API version: 1.0.1
  - Build date: 2020-04-10T16:23:29.092+02:00[Europe/Paris]


    Introduction:

PassportPDF API is a REST API that lets you perform complex operations on documents and images easily.
You may consume the API by using our.NET SDK (other platforms / languages are soon to come), or any REST client by sending your requests to the appropriate endpoints. 
A list of all the available endpoints can be found on the API reference page at https://passportpdfapi.com/references/api/index.html

    Authentication:

Each available operation has a predefined cost, expressed as a number of tokens.
These tokens are deducted from your \"passport,\" which has a unique identifier that acts as an API key. This key is, therefore, required to be provided with each request for the latter to be honored(except if the operation does not have a cost, typically when you request a simple data with a GET).
Your key must be included in the header of the request, under the name \"X-PassportPdf-API-Key.\"
If you are using the.NET SDK, you can either set your key in the ApiKey property of your API instance(PdfApi or ImageApi, for example) or set it globally in the GlobalConfiguration instance if you want to set it once for the whole life cycle of your application.


    Communication with the API:

All the available actions are listed on the API reference page, as previously mentioned.
There are several different controllers, i.e., routes, which categorize the actions.For example, you may use the PDF controller(\"/api/pdf\" route) to perform PDF - related operations, and the Image controller(\"/api/image\") for images.
Each action defines what kind of parameters(if any) is expected, and what kind of response is served.Parameters and responses are represented using data models, or \"schemas,\" and are listed in the \"Schemas\" section of the reference. 
Parameters and response models of a given action are both prefixed by the controller name, the action name, and \"Parameters\" / \"Response,\" e.g. \"api/pdf/reduce\" respectively receives and serves a PdfReduceParameters and PdfReduceResponse models.
Using the .NET SDK, you will find the objects to interact with the different controllers in the PassportPDF.Api namespace and all the schemas in the PassportPDF.Model namespace.

    Processing documents:

Each document manipulation starts with importing the file onto the API.
The LoadDocument action of the PDF controller lets you import your document as a PDF.
Note that the GetPDFImportSupportedFileExtensions action of the same controller will let you know all the different types of files that you may import as a PDF. LoadDocument responds with a JSON-serialized PdfLoadDocumentResponse model, which contains a \"FileId\" property.This identifier is required for the API to know about your document for further manipulations, hence the presence of a \"FileId\" property in the PdfReduceParameters schema (and many other parameters schemas). To download the changes made to a file, you need, of course, to download the new version of the file from the API.
To save your document as a PDF, you will need to use the SaveDocument action of the PDF controller and provide a PdfSaveDocumentParameters data model that contains the identifier of your file.

    Errors:

Conventional HTTP response codes are used to indicate the success or failure of an API request. 
The Error data model also defines some information about an error that occurred on the API. 
Each response model has an Error in its definition, and its sole existence in the serialized response - which should thus always be checked - indicates that something went wrong.
Among the information given by the Error schema, \"ResultCode\" specifies a value of the \"PassportPDFStatus\" enumeration, that defines a first level of error information. \"InternalErrorId\" defines a unique identifier for the error, which comes very handy for us to troubleshoot any issue you may encounter quickly.

    Efficiency considerations:

Multipart upload/download is available and lets you directly stream a file to/from the API.
In the PDF controller, LoadDocument/LoadDocumentMultipart and SaveDocument/SaveDocumentToFile may be used to upload/download a document using respectively binary data serialization and streaming multipart HTTP requests.
The second approach should be favored when dealing with large files, as it will be much more efficient in that context.



*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven/Gradle

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.1</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:1.0.1"
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-1.0.1.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import org.openapitools.client.ApiClient;
import org.openapitools.client.ApiException;
import org.openapitools.client.Configuration;
import org.openapitools.client.models.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.ConfigApi;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("https://passportpdfapi.com");

    ConfigApi apiInstance = new ConfigApi(defaultClient);
    try {
      String result = apiInstance.configGetAPIVersion();
      System.out.println(result);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling ConfigApi#configGetAPIVersion");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://passportpdfapi.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ConfigApi* | [**configGetAPIVersion**](docs/ConfigApi.md#configGetAPIVersion) | **GET** /api/config/ConfigGetAPIVersion | 
*ConfigApi* | [**configGetMaxAllowedContentLength**](docs/ConfigApi.md#configGetMaxAllowedContentLength) | **GET** /api/config/ConfigGetMaxAllowedContentLength | Gets the maximal length of a request content, in bytes.
*ConfigApi* | [**configGetSuggestedClientTimeout**](docs/ConfigApi.md#configGetSuggestedClientTimeout) | **GET** /api/config/ConfigGetSuggestedClientTimeout | Gets the suggested client API timeout, in milliseconds.
*ConfigApi* | [**configGetSuggestedMaxClientThreads**](docs/ConfigApi.md#configGetSuggestedMaxClientThreads) | **GET** /api/config/ConfigGetSuggestedMaxClientThreads | Gets the suggested maximum number of threads to be used simultaneously by a client application.
*ConfigApi* | [**configGetSupportedFonts**](docs/ConfigApi.md#configGetSupportedFonts) | **GET** /api/config/ConfigGetSupportedFonts | Gets the list of supported fonts for text drawing operations.
*ConfigApi* | [**configGetSupportedOCRLanguages**](docs/ConfigApi.md#configGetSupportedOCRLanguages) | **GET** /api/config/ConfigGetSupportedOCRLanguages | Gets the list of supported languages for OCR.
*DocuViewareApi* | [**docuViewareGetControl**](docs/DocuViewareApi.md#docuViewareGetControl) | **POST** /api/docuvieware/DocuViewareGetControl | 
*DocuViewareApi* | [**docuViewareGetVersion**](docs/DocuViewareApi.md#docuViewareGetVersion) | **GET** /api/docuvieware/DocuViewareGetVersion | 
*DocuViewareApi* | [**docuViewareSave**](docs/DocuViewareApi.md#docuViewareSave) | **POST** /api/docuvieware/DocuViewareSave | 
*DocumentApi* | [**documentClose**](docs/DocumentApi.md#documentClose) | **POST** /api/document/DocumentClose | Closes a previously uploaded document.
*DocumentApi* | [**documentGetPreview**](docs/DocumentApi.md#documentGetPreview) | **POST** /api/document/DocumentGetPreview | Gets the format, the page count, and a thumbnail of the provided, or a previously uploaded document.
*ImageApi* | [**imageAdjust**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageAdjust) | **POST** /api/image/ImageAdjust | Adjusts a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageAutoCrop**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageAutoCrop) | **POST** /api/image/ImageAutoCrop | Automatically crops a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageCleanupDocument**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageCleanupDocument) | **POST** /api/image/ImageCleanupDocument | Cleanup a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageCloneRegions**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageCloneRegions) | **POST** /api/image/ImageCloneRegions | Clones regions from a previously uploaded image into new images.
*ImageApi* | [**imageClose**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageClose) | **POST** /api/image/ImageClose | Closes a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageConvertColorDepth**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageConvertColorDepth) | **POST** /api/image/ImageConvertColorDepth | Converts the color depth of a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageCrop**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageCrop) | **POST** /api/image/ImageCrop | Crops a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageDeletePage**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageDeletePage) | **POST** /api/image/ImageDeletePage | Deletes a page range from a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageDetectBlankPages**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageDetectBlankPages) | **POST** /api/image/ImageDetectBlankPages | Detects the blank page(s) from a previously uploaded image and offers to remove them.
*ImageApi* | [**imageDetectColor**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageDetectColor) | **POST** /api/image/ImageDetectColor | Performs color detection  on a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageDetectPageOrientation**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageDetectPageOrientation) | **POST** /api/image/ImageDetectPageOrientation | Detects the orientation of the page(s) of a previously uploaded image and offers to automatically rotate them.
*ImageApi* | [**imageFilter**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageFilter) | **POST** /api/image/ImageFilter | Applies filters to a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageGetPageThumbnail**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageGetPageThumbnail) | **POST** /api/image/ImageGetPageThumbnail | Gets a thumbnail of each page within the provided page range from a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageGetSupportedFileExtensions**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageGetSupportedFileExtensions) | **GET** /api/image/ImageGetSupportedFileExtensions | Gets the supported file extensions by the image loading actions.
*ImageApi* | [**imageLoad**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageLoad) | **POST** /api/image/ImageLoad | Loads the provided image file.  Supported image formats can be retrieved by the GetSupportedImageFileExtensions action.
*ImageApi* | [**imageLoadMultipart**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageLoadMultipart) | **POST** /api/image/ImageLoadMultipart | Loads the provided image file using Multipart Upload.  Supported image formats can be retrieved by the GetSupportedImageFileExtensions action.
*ImageApi* | [**imageMICR**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageMICR) | **POST** /api/image/ImageMICR | Performs MICR (Magnetic Ink Character Recognition) on a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageReadBarcodes**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageReadBarcodes) | **POST** /api/image/ImageReadBarcodes | Reads barcodes from a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageResize**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageResize) | **POST** /api/image/ImageResize | Resizes a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageRotate**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageRotate) | **POST** /api/image/ImageRotate | Rotates and/or flips a previously uploaded image.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsJPEG**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsJPEG) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsJPEG | Saves a previously uploaded image as JPEG.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsJPEGFile**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsJPEGFile) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsJPEGFile | Saves a previously uploaded image as JPEG.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsPDF**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsPDF) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsPDF | Saves a previously uploaded image as PDF.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsPDFFile**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsPDFFile) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsPDFFile | Saves a previously uploaded image as PDF.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsPDFMRC**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsPDFMRC) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsPDFMRC | Saves a previously uploaded image as PDF using MRC compression.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsPDFMRCFile**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsPDFMRCFile) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsPDFMRCFile | Saves a previously uploaded image as PDF using MRC compression.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsPNG**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsPNG) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsPNG | Saves a previously uploaded image as PNG.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsPNGFile**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsPNGFile) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsPNGFile | Saves a previously uploaded image as PNG.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsTIFF**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsTIFF) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsTIFF | Saves a previously uploaded image as TIFF.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsTIFFFile**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsTIFFFile) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsTIFFFile | Saves a previously uploaded image as TIFF.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsTIFFMultipage**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsTIFFMultipage) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsTIFFMultipage | Saves a previously uploaded image as multipage TIFF.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSaveAsTIFFMultipageFile**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSaveAsTIFFMultipageFile) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSaveAsTIFFMultipageFile | Saves a previously uploaded image as multipage TIFF.
*ImageApi* | [**imageSwapPages**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageSwapPages) | **POST** /api/image/ImageSwapPages | Swaps two pages from a previously uploaded image.
*PassportManagerApi* | [**passportManagerGetPassportInfo**](docs/PassportManagerApi.md#passportManagerGetPassportInfo) | **GET** /api/passportmanager/PassportManagerGetPassportInfo | 
*PassportPdfApplicationManagerApi* | [**passportPDFApplicationManagerGetApplicationDownloadLink**](docs/PassportPdfApplicationManagerApi.md#passportPDFApplicationManagerGetApplicationDownloadLink) | **GET** /api/passportpdfapplicationmanager/PassportPDFApplicationManagerGetApplicationDownloadLink | 
*PassportPdfApplicationManagerApi* | [**passportPDFApplicationManagerGetApplicationLatestVersion**](docs/PassportPdfApplicationManagerApi.md#passportPDFApplicationManagerGetApplicationLatestVersion) | **GET** /api/passportpdfapplicationmanager/PassportPDFApplicationManagerGetApplicationLatestVersion | 
*PassportPdfApplicationManagerApi* | [**passportPDFApplicationManagerGetApplicationMinimumSupportedVersion**](docs/PassportPdfApplicationManagerApi.md#passportPDFApplicationManagerGetApplicationMinimumSupportedVersion) | **GET** /api/passportpdfapplicationmanager/PassportPDFApplicationManagerGetApplicationMinimumSupportedVersion | 
*PassportPdfApplicationManagerApi* | [**passportPDFApplicationManagerGetMaxClientThreads**](docs/PassportPdfApplicationManagerApi.md#passportPDFApplicationManagerGetMaxClientThreads) | **GET** /api/passportpdfapplicationmanager/PassportPDFApplicationManagerGetMaxClientThreads | Gets the maximum number of threads to be used simultaneously by a client application.
*PdfApi* | [**annotate**](docs/PdfApi.md#annotate) | **POST** /api/pdf/Annotate | Annotates a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**autoDeskew**](docs/PdfApi.md#autoDeskew) | **POST** /api/pdf/AutoDeskew | Performs auto deskew on a page range of a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**clearPage**](docs/PdfApi.md#clearPage) | **POST** /api/pdf/ClearPage | Clears a page range from a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**clonePage**](docs/PdfApi.md#clonePage) | **POST** /api/pdf/ClonePage | Clones specific pages from a previously uploaded document to another previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**closePDF**](docs/PdfApi.md#closePDF) | **POST** /api/pdf/ClosePDF | Closes a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**convertToPDFA**](docs/PdfApi.md#convertToPDFA) | **POST** /api/pdf/ConvertToPDFA | Converts a previously uploaded document to PDF/A.
*PdfApi* | [**deletePage**](docs/PdfApi.md#deletePage) | **POST** /api/pdf/DeletePage | Deletes a page range from a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**detectPageOrientation**](docs/PdfApi.md#detectPageOrientation) | **POST** /api/pdf/DetectPageOrientation | Detects the orientation of the page(s) of a previously uploaded document and offers to automatically rotate them.
*PdfApi* | [**digiSign**](docs/PdfApi.md#digiSign) | **POST** /api/pdf/DigiSign | Signs a previously uploaded document digitally.
*PdfApi* | [**drawImage**](docs/PdfApi.md#drawImage) | **POST** /api/pdf/DrawImage | Draws an image on a page range of a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**extractPage**](docs/PdfApi.md#extractPage) | **POST** /api/pdf/ExtractPage | Extracts a page range from a previously uploaded document into one or several new documents.
*PdfApi* | [**extractText**](docs/PdfApi.md#extractText) | **POST** /api/pdf/ExtractText | Extracts text from the document pages.
*PdfApi* | [**flatten**](docs/PdfApi.md#flatten) | **POST** /api/pdf/Flatten | Flattens the form-fields, annotations, and/or the layers of a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**getInfo**](docs/PdfApi.md#getInfo) | **POST** /api/pdf/GetInfo | Gets information about a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**getPDFImportSupportedFileExtensions**](docs/PdfApi.md#getPDFImportSupportedFileExtensions) | **GET** /api/pdf/GetPDFImportSupportedFileExtensions | Gets the supported file extensions by the LoadDocumentAsPDF action.
*PdfApi* | [**getPageThumbnail**](docs/PdfApi.md#getPageThumbnail) | **POST** /api/pdf/GetPageThumbnail | Gets a thumbnail of each page within the provided page range from a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**insertImage**](docs/PdfApi.md#insertImage) | **POST** /api/pdf/InsertImage | Inserts an image on a new page of a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**insertNewPage**](docs/PdfApi.md#insertNewPage) | **POST** /api/pdf/InsertNewPage | Inserts one or more new blank pages to a specific position in a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**insertPageNumber**](docs/PdfApi.md#insertPageNumber) | **POST** /api/pdf/InsertPageNumber | Inserts page number(s) on a document.
*PdfApi* | [**insertText**](docs/PdfApi.md#insertText) | **POST** /api/pdf/InsertText | Inserts text on a document.
*PdfApi* | [**linearize**](docs/PdfApi.md#linearize) | **POST** /api/pdf/Linearize | Linearizes a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**loadDocumentAsPDF**](docs/PdfApi.md#loadDocumentAsPDF) | **POST** /api/pdf/LoadDocument | Imports the provided document as PDF.  Supported document formats can be retrieved by the GetPDFImportSupportedFileExtensions action.
*PdfApi* | [**loadDocumentAsPDFMultipart**](docs/PdfApi.md#loadDocumentAsPDFMultipart) | **POST** /api/pdf/LoadDocumentAsPDFMultipart | Imports the provided document as PDF using Multipart Upload.  Supported document formats can be retrieved by the GetPDFImportSupportedFileExtensions action.
*PdfApi* | [**merge**](docs/PdfApi.md#merge) | **POST** /api/pdf/Merge | Merges several previously uploaded documents into a new PDF.
*PdfApi* | [**mergePages**](docs/PdfApi.md#mergePages) | **POST** /api/pdf/MergePages | Merges multiple pages, vertically, within a previously uploaded document into one single page.
*PdfApi* | [**movePage**](docs/PdfApi.md#movePage) | **POST** /api/pdf/MovePage | Moves a page range from a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**oCR**](docs/PdfApi.md#oCR) | **POST** /api/pdf/OCR | Performs optical character recognition on a page range of a previously uploaded document.  The recognized text is added as invisible text on each processed page.  No token is charged for blank pages.
*PdfApi* | [**protect**](docs/PdfApi.md#protect) | **POST** /api/pdf/Protect | Protects a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**readBarcodes**](docs/PdfApi.md#readBarcodes) | **POST** /api/pdf/ReadBarcodes | Reads barcodes from a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**reduce**](docs/PdfApi.md#reduce) | **POST** /api/pdf/Reduce | Reduces the size of a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**removePageFormFields**](docs/PdfApi.md#removePageFormFields) | **POST** /api/pdf/RemovePageFormFields | Removes the form fields from a page range of a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**reorderPages**](docs/PdfApi.md#reorderPages) | **POST** /api/pdf/ReorderPages | Reorders pages of a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**repairDocument**](docs/PdfApi.md#repairDocument) | **POST** /api/pdf/RepairDocument | Repairs a previously uploaded PDF document.
*PdfApi* | [**rotatePageStandard**](docs/PdfApi.md#rotatePageStandard) | **POST** /api/pdf/RotatePageStandard | Rotates (standardly) a page range from a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**saveAsJPEG**](docs/PdfApi.md#saveAsJPEG) | **POST** /api/pdf/SaveAsJPEG | Saves a previously uploaded document as JPEG.
*PdfApi* | [**saveAsJPEGFile**](docs/PdfApi.md#saveAsJPEGFile) | **POST** /api/pdf/SaveAsJPEGFile | Saves a previously uploaded document as JPEG.
*PdfApi* | [**saveAsPNG**](docs/PdfApi.md#saveAsPNG) | **POST** /api/pdf/SaveAsPNG | Saves a previously uploaded document as PNG.
*PdfApi* | [**saveAsPNGFile**](docs/PdfApi.md#saveAsPNGFile) | **POST** /api/pdf/SaveAsPNGFile | Saves a previously uploaded document as PNG.
*PdfApi* | [**saveAsTIFF**](docs/PdfApi.md#saveAsTIFF) | **POST** /api/pdf/SaveAsTIFF | Saves a previously uploaded document as TIFF.
*PdfApi* | [**saveAsTIFFFile**](docs/PdfApi.md#saveAsTIFFFile) | **POST** /api/pdf/SaveAsTIFFFile | Saves a previously uploaded document as TIFF.
*PdfApi* | [**saveAsTIFFMultipage**](docs/PdfApi.md#saveAsTIFFMultipage) | **POST** /api/pdf/SaveAsTIFFMultipage | Saves a previously uploaded document as multipage TIFF.
*PdfApi* | [**saveAsTIFFMultipageFile**](docs/PdfApi.md#saveAsTIFFMultipageFile) | **POST** /api/pdf/SaveAsTIFFMultipageFile | Saves a previously uploaded document as multipage TIFF.
*PdfApi* | [**saveDocument**](docs/PdfApi.md#saveDocument) | **POST** /api/pdf/SaveDocument | Saves a previously uploaded document as PDF.
*PdfApi* | [**saveDocumentToFile**](docs/PdfApi.md#saveDocumentToFile) | **POST** /api/pdf/SaveDocumentToFile | Saves a previously uploaded document as PDF.
*PdfApi* | [**scalePage**](docs/PdfApi.md#scalePage) | **POST** /api/pdf/ScalePage | Scales a page range from a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**setInfo**](docs/PdfApi.md#setInfo) | **POST** /api/pdf/SetInfo | Sets information to a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**setInitialView**](docs/PdfApi.md#setInitialView) | **POST** /api/pdf/SetInitialView | Sets various document level initial view options to a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**setPageBox**](docs/PdfApi.md#setPageBox) | **POST** /api/pdf/SetPageBox | Sets pagebox to a page range from previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**setPassword**](docs/PdfApi.md#setPassword) | **POST** /api/pdf/SetPassword | Unprotects a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**split**](docs/PdfApi.md#split) | **POST** /api/pdf/Split | Splits a previously uploaded document into new ones.
*PdfApi* | [**swapPages**](docs/PdfApi.md#swapPages) | **POST** /api/pdf/SwapPages | Swaps two pages from a previously uploaded document.
*PdfApi* | [**unprotect**](docs/PdfApi.md#unprotect) | **POST** /api/pdf/Unprotect | Unprotects a previously uploaded document.


## Documentation for Models

 - [AnnotationType](docs/AnnotationType.md)
 - [Barcode1DSymbology](docs/Barcode1DSymbology.md)
 - [BarcodeInfo](docs/BarcodeInfo.md)
 - [BarcodeType](docs/BarcodeType.md)
 - [ClonedImageRegion](docs/ClonedImageRegion.md)
 - [ColorDepthConversionMethod](docs/ColorDepthConversionMethod.md)
 - [ColorDetectionResult](docs/ColorDetectionResult.md)
 - [ContentEncoding](docs/ContentEncoding.md)
 - [ContentHorizontalPosition](docs/ContentHorizontalPosition.md)
 - [ContentSize](docs/ContentSize.md)
 - [ContentVerticalPosition](docs/ContentVerticalPosition.md)
 - [CropUnit](docs/CropUnit.md)
 - [DocuViewareCertificate](docs/DocuViewareCertificate.md)
 - [DocuViewareControlState](docs/DocuViewareControlState.md)
 - [DocuViewareGetControlParameters](docs/DocuViewareGetControlParameters.md)
 - [DocuViewareGetControlResponse](docs/DocuViewareGetControlResponse.md)
 - [DocuViewareLocale](docs/DocuViewareLocale.md)
 - [DocuViewareSaveParameters](docs/DocuViewareSaveParameters.md)
 - [DocuViewareSaveResponse](docs/DocuViewareSaveResponse.md)
 - [DocumentAlignment](docs/DocumentAlignment.md)
 - [DocumentCloseParameters](docs/DocumentCloseParameters.md)
 - [DocumentCloseResponse](docs/DocumentCloseResponse.md)
 - [DocumentFormat](docs/DocumentFormat.md)
 - [DocumentGetPreviewResponse](docs/DocumentGetPreviewResponse.md)
 - [DocumentPosition](docs/DocumentPosition.md)
 - [DrawableContentLayoutParameters](docs/DrawableContentLayoutParameters.md)
 - [EncryptionAlgorithm](docs/EncryptionAlgorithm.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Font](docs/Font.md)
 - [FontStyle](docs/FontStyle.md)
 - [FreeTextAnnotationParameters](docs/FreeTextAnnotationParameters.md)
 - [GetDocumentPreviewParameters](docs/GetDocumentPreviewParameters.md)
 - [ImageAdjustParameters](docs/ImageAdjustParameters.md)
 - [ImageAdjustResponse](docs/ImageAdjustResponse.md)
 - [ImageAutoCropParameters](docs/ImageAutoCropParameters.md)
 - [ImageAutoCropResponse](docs/ImageAutoCropResponse.md)
 - [ImageCleanupDocumentParameters](docs/ImageCleanupDocumentParameters.md)
 - [ImageCleanupDocumentResponse](docs/ImageCleanupDocumentResponse.md)
 - [ImageCloneRegionsParameters](docs/ImageCloneRegionsParameters.md)
 - [ImageCloneRegionsResponse](docs/ImageCloneRegionsResponse.md)
 - [ImageCloseParameters](docs/ImageCloseParameters.md)
 - [ImageCloseResponse](docs/ImageCloseResponse.md)
 - [ImageConvertColorDepthParameters](docs/ImageConvertColorDepthParameters.md)
 - [ImageConvertColorDepthResponse](docs/ImageConvertColorDepthResponse.md)
 - [ImageCropParameters](docs/ImageCropParameters.md)
 - [ImageCropResponse](docs/ImageCropResponse.md)
 - [ImageDeletePageParameters](docs/ImageDeletePageParameters.md)
 - [ImageDeletePageResponse](docs/ImageDeletePageResponse.md)
 - [ImageDetectBlankPagesParameters](docs/ImageDetectBlankPagesParameters.md)
 - [ImageDetectBlankPagesResponse](docs/ImageDetectBlankPagesResponse.md)
 - [ImageDetectColorParameters](docs/ImageDetectColorParameters.md)
 - [ImageDetectColorResponse](docs/ImageDetectColorResponse.md)
 - [ImageDetectPageOrientationParameters](docs/ImageDetectPageOrientationParameters.md)
 - [ImageDetectPageOrientationResponse](docs/ImageDetectPageOrientationResponse.md)
 - [ImageFilterParameters](docs/ImageFilterParameters.md)
 - [ImageFilterResponse](docs/ImageFilterResponse.md)
 - [ImageFilters](docs/ImageFilters.md)
 - [ImageGetPageThumbnailParameters](docs/ImageGetPageThumbnailParameters.md)
 - [ImageGetPageThumbnailResponse](docs/ImageGetPageThumbnailResponse.md)
 - [ImageLoadResponse](docs/ImageLoadResponse.md)
 - [ImageMICRParameters](docs/ImageMICRParameters.md)
 - [ImageMICRResponse](docs/ImageMICRResponse.md)
 - [ImageQuality](docs/ImageQuality.md)
 - [ImageReadBarcodesParameters](docs/ImageReadBarcodesParameters.md)
 - [ImageRegion](docs/ImageRegion.md)
 - [ImageResizeParameters](docs/ImageResizeParameters.md)
 - [ImageResizeResponse](docs/ImageResizeResponse.md)
 - [ImageRotateParameters](docs/ImageRotateParameters.md)
 - [ImageRotateResponse](docs/ImageRotateResponse.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsJPEGParameters](docs/ImageSaveAsJPEGParameters.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsJPEGResponse](docs/ImageSaveAsJPEGResponse.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsPDFMRCParameters](docs/ImageSaveAsPDFMRCParameters.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsPDFMRCResponse](docs/ImageSaveAsPDFMRCResponse.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsPDFParameters](docs/ImageSaveAsPDFParameters.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsPDFResponse](docs/ImageSaveAsPDFResponse.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsPNGParameters](docs/ImageSaveAsPNGParameters.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsPNGResponse](docs/ImageSaveAsPNGResponse.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsTIFFMultipageParameters](docs/ImageSaveAsTIFFMultipageParameters.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsTIFFMultipageResponse](docs/ImageSaveAsTIFFMultipageResponse.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsTIFFParameters](docs/ImageSaveAsTIFFParameters.md)
 - [ImageSaveAsTIFFResponse](docs/ImageSaveAsTIFFResponse.md)
 - [ImageSwapPagesParameters](docs/ImageSwapPagesParameters.md)
 - [ImageSwapPagesResponse](docs/ImageSwapPagesResponse.md)
 - [InlineObject](docs/InlineObject.md)
 - [InlineObject1](docs/InlineObject1.md)
 - [IntegerResponse](docs/IntegerResponse.md)
 - [LineAnnotationEndingStyle](docs/LineAnnotationEndingStyle.md)
 - [LineAnnotationParameters](docs/LineAnnotationParameters.md)
 - [LinkAnnotationClickBehaviour](docs/LinkAnnotationClickBehaviour.md)
 - [LinkAnnotationParameters](docs/LinkAnnotationParameters.md)
 - [LinkAnnotationType](docs/LinkAnnotationType.md)
 - [LoadImageFromByteArrayParameters](docs/LoadImageFromByteArrayParameters.md)
 - [LoadImageParameters](docs/LoadImageParameters.md)
 - [LongResponse](docs/LongResponse.md)
 - [MICRResult](docs/MICRResult.md)
 - [MICRSymbolInfo](docs/MICRSymbolInfo.md)
 - [MicrContext](docs/MicrContext.md)
 - [MicrFont](docs/MicrFont.md)
 - [OutputIntent](docs/OutputIntent.md)
 - [PageImage](docs/PageImage.md)
 - [PageNumberFormat](docs/PageNumberFormat.md)
 - [PageOrientationInfo](docs/PageOrientationInfo.md)
 - [PageText](docs/PageText.md)
 - [PageViewMode](docs/PageViewMode.md)
 - [PassportPDFPassport](docs/PassportPDFPassport.md)
 - [PassportPDFStatus](docs/PassportPDFStatus.md)
 - [PdfAConformance](docs/PdfAConformance.md)
 - [PdfAlignedTextParameters](docs/PdfAlignedTextParameters.md)
 - [PdfAnnotateParameters](docs/PdfAnnotateParameters.md)
 - [PdfAnnotateResponse](docs/PdfAnnotateResponse.md)
 - [PdfAutoDeskewParameters](docs/PdfAutoDeskewParameters.md)
 - [PdfAutoDeskewResponse](docs/PdfAutoDeskewResponse.md)
 - [PdfClearPageParameters](docs/PdfClearPageParameters.md)
 - [PdfClearPageResponse](docs/PdfClearPageResponse.md)
 - [PdfClonePageParameters](docs/PdfClonePageParameters.md)
 - [PdfClonePageResponse](docs/PdfClonePageResponse.md)
 - [PdfCloseDocumentParameters](docs/PdfCloseDocumentParameters.md)
 - [PdfCloseDocumentResponse](docs/PdfCloseDocumentResponse.md)
 - [PdfConformance](docs/PdfConformance.md)
 - [PdfConvertToPDFAParameters](docs/PdfConvertToPDFAParameters.md)
 - [PdfConvertToPDFAResponse](docs/PdfConvertToPDFAResponse.md)
 - [PdfDeletePageParameters](docs/PdfDeletePageParameters.md)
 - [PdfDeletePageResponse](docs/PdfDeletePageResponse.md)
 - [PdfDetectPageOrientationParameters](docs/PdfDetectPageOrientationParameters.md)
 - [PdfDetectPageOrientationResponse](docs/PdfDetectPageOrientationResponse.md)
 - [PdfDigiSignParameters](docs/PdfDigiSignParameters.md)
 - [PdfDigiSignResponse](docs/PdfDigiSignResponse.md)
 - [PdfDrawImageParameters](docs/PdfDrawImageParameters.md)
 - [PdfDrawImageResponse](docs/PdfDrawImageResponse.md)
 - [PdfExtractPageParameters](docs/PdfExtractPageParameters.md)
 - [PdfExtractPageResponse](docs/PdfExtractPageResponse.md)
 - [PdfExtractTextMode](docs/PdfExtractTextMode.md)
 - [PdfExtractTextParameters](docs/PdfExtractTextParameters.md)
 - [PdfExtractTextResponse](docs/PdfExtractTextResponse.md)
 - [PdfFlattenParameters](docs/PdfFlattenParameters.md)
 - [PdfFlattenResponse](docs/PdfFlattenResponse.md)
 - [PdfGetInfoParameters](docs/PdfGetInfoParameters.md)
 - [PdfGetInfoResponse](docs/PdfGetInfoResponse.md)
 - [PdfGetPageThumbnailParameters](docs/PdfGetPageThumbnailParameters.md)
 - [PdfGetPageThumbnailResponse](docs/PdfGetPageThumbnailResponse.md)
 - [PdfImageCompressionScheme](docs/PdfImageCompressionScheme.md)
 - [PdfInitViewLayoutMode](docs/PdfInitViewLayoutMode.md)
 - [PdfInitViewNonFullScreenPageMode](docs/PdfInitViewNonFullScreenPageMode.md)
 - [PdfInitViewPageMode](docs/PdfInitViewPageMode.md)
 - [PdfInsertImageParameters](docs/PdfInsertImageParameters.md)
 - [PdfInsertImageResponse](docs/PdfInsertImageResponse.md)
 - [PdfInsertNewPageParameters](docs/PdfInsertNewPageParameters.md)
 - [PdfInsertNewPageResponse](docs/PdfInsertNewPageResponse.md)
 - [PdfInsertPageNumberParameters](docs/PdfInsertPageNumberParameters.md)
 - [PdfInsertPageNumberResponse](docs/PdfInsertPageNumberResponse.md)
 - [PdfInsertTextParameters](docs/PdfInsertTextParameters.md)
 - [PdfInsertTextResponse](docs/PdfInsertTextResponse.md)
 - [PdfLinearizeParameters](docs/PdfLinearizeParameters.md)
 - [PdfLinearizeResponse](docs/PdfLinearizeResponse.md)
 - [PdfLoadDocumentFromByteArrayParameters](docs/PdfLoadDocumentFromByteArrayParameters.md)
 - [PdfLoadDocumentParameters](docs/PdfLoadDocumentParameters.md)
 - [PdfLoadDocumentResponse](docs/PdfLoadDocumentResponse.md)
 - [PdfMergePagesParameters](docs/PdfMergePagesParameters.md)
 - [PdfMergePagesResponse](docs/PdfMergePagesResponse.md)
 - [PdfMergeParameters](docs/PdfMergeParameters.md)
 - [PdfMergeResponse](docs/PdfMergeResponse.md)
 - [PdfMovePageParameters](docs/PdfMovePageParameters.md)
 - [PdfMovePageResponse](docs/PdfMovePageResponse.md)
 - [PdfOCRParameters](docs/PdfOCRParameters.md)
 - [PdfOCRResponse](docs/PdfOCRResponse.md)
 - [PdfPageBox](docs/PdfPageBox.md)
 - [PdfProtectParameters](docs/PdfProtectParameters.md)
 - [PdfProtectResponse](docs/PdfProtectResponse.md)
 - [PdfReadBarcodesParameters](docs/PdfReadBarcodesParameters.md)
 - [PdfReduceParameters](docs/PdfReduceParameters.md)
 - [PdfReduceResponse](docs/PdfReduceResponse.md)
 - [PdfRemovePageFormFieldsParameters](docs/PdfRemovePageFormFieldsParameters.md)
 - [PdfRemovePageFormFieldsResponse](docs/PdfRemovePageFormFieldsResponse.md)
 - [PdfReorderPagesParameters](docs/PdfReorderPagesParameters.md)
 - [PdfReorderPagesResponse](docs/PdfReorderPagesResponse.md)
 - [PdfRepairDocumentParameters](docs/PdfRepairDocumentParameters.md)
 - [PdfRepairDocumentResponse](docs/PdfRepairDocumentResponse.md)
 - [PdfRotatePageStandardParameters](docs/PdfRotatePageStandardParameters.md)
 - [PdfRotatePageStandardResponse](docs/PdfRotatePageStandardResponse.md)
 - [PdfSaveAsJPEGParameters](docs/PdfSaveAsJPEGParameters.md)
 - [PdfSaveAsJPEGResponse](docs/PdfSaveAsJPEGResponse.md)
 - [PdfSaveAsPNGParameters](docs/PdfSaveAsPNGParameters.md)
 - [PdfSaveAsPNGResponse](docs/PdfSaveAsPNGResponse.md)
 - [PdfSaveAsTIFFMultipageParameters](docs/PdfSaveAsTIFFMultipageParameters.md)
 - [PdfSaveAsTIFFMultipageResponse](docs/PdfSaveAsTIFFMultipageResponse.md)
 - [PdfSaveAsTIFFParameters](docs/PdfSaveAsTIFFParameters.md)
 - [PdfSaveAsTIFFResponse](docs/PdfSaveAsTIFFResponse.md)
 - [PdfSaveDocumentParameters](docs/PdfSaveDocumentParameters.md)
 - [PdfSaveDocumentResponse](docs/PdfSaveDocumentResponse.md)
 - [PdfScalePageParameters](docs/PdfScalePageParameters.md)
 - [PdfScalePageResponse](docs/PdfScalePageResponse.md)
 - [PdfSetInfoParameters](docs/PdfSetInfoParameters.md)
 - [PdfSetInfoResponse](docs/PdfSetInfoResponse.md)
 - [PdfSetInitialViewParameters](docs/PdfSetInitialViewParameters.md)
 - [PdfSetInitialViewResponse](docs/PdfSetInitialViewResponse.md)
 - [PdfSetPageBoxParameters](docs/PdfSetPageBoxParameters.md)
 - [PdfSetPageBoxResponse](docs/PdfSetPageBoxResponse.md)
 - [PdfSetPasswordParameters](docs/PdfSetPasswordParameters.md)
 - [PdfSetPasswordResponse](docs/PdfSetPasswordResponse.md)
 - [PdfSplitMethod](docs/PdfSplitMethod.md)
 - [PdfSplitParameters](docs/PdfSplitParameters.md)
 - [PdfSplitResponse](docs/PdfSplitResponse.md)
 - [PdfSwapPagesParameters](docs/PdfSwapPagesParameters.md)
 - [PdfSwapPagesResponse](docs/PdfSwapPagesResponse.md)
 - [PdfTextParameters](docs/PdfTextParameters.md)
 - [PdfUnprotectParameters](docs/PdfUnprotectParameters.md)
 - [PdfUnprotectResponse](docs/PdfUnprotectResponse.md)
 - [PdfVersion](docs/PdfVersion.md)
 - [PrintQuality](docs/PrintQuality.md)
 - [ReadBarcodesResponse](docs/ReadBarcodesResponse.md)
 - [ReduceErrorCode](docs/ReduceErrorCode.md)
 - [ReduceErrorInfo](docs/ReduceErrorInfo.md)
 - [ReduceWarningCode](docs/ReduceWarningCode.md)
 - [ReduceWarningInfo](docs/ReduceWarningInfo.md)
 - [ResizeMode](docs/ResizeMode.md)
 - [ResizeUnit](docs/ResizeUnit.md)
 - [RotateFlip](docs/RotateFlip.md)
 - [RotateMode](docs/RotateMode.md)
 - [RubberStampAnnotationIcon](docs/RubberStampAnnotationIcon.md)
 - [RubberStampAnnotationParameters](docs/RubberStampAnnotationParameters.md)
 - [ScanMode](docs/ScanMode.md)
 - [SignatureCertificationLevel](docs/SignatureCertificationLevel.md)
 - [SignatureHash](docs/SignatureHash.md)
 - [SignatureMode](docs/SignatureMode.md)
 - [SquareAndCircleAnnotationParameters](docs/SquareAndCircleAnnotationParameters.md)
 - [StandardFontName](docs/StandardFontName.md)
 - [StickyNoteAnnotationIcon](docs/StickyNoteAnnotationIcon.md)
 - [StickyNoteAnnotationParameters](docs/StickyNoteAnnotationParameters.md)
 - [StringArrayResponse](docs/StringArrayResponse.md)
 - [StringResponse](docs/StringResponse.md)
 - [TextAlignment](docs/TextAlignment.md)
 - [TiffSaveCompression](docs/TiffSaveCompression.md)
 - [ToolbarStyle](docs/ToolbarStyle.md)
 - [ViewerZoomMode](docs/ViewerZoomMode.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### PassportPDFAuthentication

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-PassportPDF-API-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



